Why isn't Omori back yet?
Must be secretly eating outside without waiting for me
Oh, dear.
Xiao Yuan
Did Secretary Su give the information to Manager Liu today?
Secretary Su doesn't seem to be here today
What about the information that didn't come?
Manager Liu thinks you have other things to do
So I will
Hey!
Tell Manager Liu to pack up and don't come tomorrow.
Humph
Where did the junior go?
Usually tell me something
Why don't you answer the phone?
Oops hello
Your woman Su Wanqing is now in our hands.
If you don't believe me, I'll show you something.
Ah, what do you want?
If you want him to live
50 million in cash in three days
To Building 73, Old Factory Street
For his life
Omori, which variety show?
It's my daughter
You see you see you see
Oh, I've already investigated it clearly.
Oops, late Qing Dynasty.
I was kidnapped and sold since I was a child, my adoptive parents?
Died early again
Is that exactly what he said?
And the birthmark on the hand?
Just like my daughter's
I asked someone to investigate.
And they did DNA.
Oh look look look
Exactly the same.
Dad, oops.
What a mess
Secretary Su my daughter
Secretary Su was kidnapped